OK so I have just a clean clean project right here.
We don't have a lot of set up.
I just have a unindexed non-jazz and then just an app component that it's returning some hello world
to something simple.
OK.
So to start we need to start with X really did it.
I'm going to do it right now just to show you.
So I'm going to go to the terminal.
It's going to be bew integrated terminal and right here you notice that it just did it.
So the first thing we need to do is to install redirects so to install and begin to say NPM install
and then just read X and then mine is mine is safe so we can save everything into the package.
Jason so redux from the start is going to be just like a parent component going to go right here to
the next is going to be just like light like this app.
It's going to be the parent component of the whole application just like we did with re-act router.
Same idea you can wrap the whole application inside redux Zinn's redux.
It's an outside party of react.
They are not related from different two different developers.
We stop something else to connect redux would react.
So we can have redux Unhand react in the other hand and we need something in the middle that is going
to it's going to be as a middleman between these two.
So this is going to be called re-act redux.
So we need to install it.
It's a different dependency so we're going to say NPM install and then re-act redux and then just minus
mine is safe.
And then it's going to go and install all the dependencies.
That's good.
So OK.
So now we need to do a lot of setup to connect them and read X uses a lot of fancy words.
So at first it's going to be a little bit over whelming.
But as soon as we just keep repeating the process and we repeat it many times it's going to become natural.
Just trust me.
So to connect redux we need to the first thing we need to do to connect redux is to import something
from react Rydex you know to middleman.
And this is going to be called provider.
It's going to go right here at the top and I'm going to say import we're going to use destructuring.
And then it's going to be Vider this provider is going to come from re-act redux.
So I'm going to say re-act redux right.
So just like re-act router we need to wrap everything the whole application inside this provider.
So I'm going to go right here may make a space and then just go right here top and say provider right
this provider again it's just like re-act router.
We're going to wrap everything inside of this.
Right.
So that is the first step.
Just importing the provider and using the provider.
So now we need to connect this provider that comes from re-act reacts with Rydex with actual redux.
So again we need to import more things are going to go over the top.
Am going to say import Now what we can that we can import two things.
Two main things.
I'm going to show you something that can be used in the real world.
I could just show you how to use react.
I'm sorry redux.
Just out of the box.
But most of the times in real life you to use more dependencies you're going to use middleware.
So I'm just going to show you how to use it.
With middleware is you're not going to use middle worse and at the start but as soon as we hit a little
bit of more advanced section of the course which read begin to be using words.
So the first thing we need to import from results is going to be something that calls create store.
That's the first thing.
And then we're going to bring the Midwest.
So it's going to be call apply middleware
just applied it to where this is going to be going to bring this from redux directly not from Briac
redux.
Right.
So everything it's done right here now to connect them we need to do a couple of things.
We're going to show you a chart right here.
You have it right here.
So whenever the application starts it starts with a redux.
It's going to do some set up.
If you have information the information is going to go to the middle where the middleware is going to
do something to this information and then the middleware is going to pass it to react and then react.
It's going to just show the application with that data.
And if if the state changes and read X it's receiving more information than it's going to just repeat
the cycle again just pass through the mirror whereas go to react and react.
Just show the application.
Just simple as that.
So let's go back to the code.
Just going to minimize this.
So just just let let's go back to the code.
And so I find myself.
So this provider right here needs to be linked with a redux.
You know this provider comes from re-act redux.
We imported everything from redux but you're not using it.
We are not using anything from gridlocks right here.
So the thing that we can use to link this to is going to be it's something that it's going to be called
store.
It's going to go right here and just like a prop I'm going to say store and this store is going to receive
some setting some data.
So I'm just going to do curly braces right.
So inside the store we need to pass a function that is going to just start all of this this behavior
between reacts and reacts.
OK we just need to trigger function.
This function is going to have a lot of data and we're going to use it with mid-Wales so I'm going to
say constant Mokoena creative Arbel that's going to just host this dysfunction.
So it's going to be creative.
And then just store you know it's the same thing same keyboard but it's going to be with middleware
and you know this is just a viable just to name the name of Marvel.
You can use whatever you want but it's always a good idea to create a viral name that means something
that it's just related with what we want to do.
So I'm going to say this is equal and it's going to be equal to something just just a minute.
Now what we need to do we need to call the Apply middleware right here.
The one we are employing So I'm going to say apply middleware.
So this apply to where it's going to be a function and it's going to do something with the Create story.
So I'm going to just copy and pasted right here.
Now we are just linking this to now.
Inside the store what we can be using is going to be this one just this is going to graph this and I'm
going to go right here and say OK this this is my function.
So we need whenever the provider here the writer starts is going to create a store it's going to create
a store with middleware.
And this is going to be a function that it's going to be Trenker.
Now in the future whenever we start this we need to pass some information right here.
So the information right here is going to be just available to us an argument that is going to contain
all the information that we want to do on the application.
You know the just the data we have and we're going to do this in just a minute.
So OK this is enough for now whenever we just started redux we just this is the main the main the minimum
we need to do to to do the two to start redux.
There's going to be called the provider create store and the bit where we instant create an instance
of the applying middleware and the created store.
And then we pass it to the store.
That's it.
And you know I'm just showing you how this works.
But in the future I'm pretty sure that you can have a template to do all of this.
You're just going to copy and paste because it's always the same idea.
OK let's go to the next section.
We're going to talk.
We can start talking about actions and we do cers.